Their house is a museum where people come to see ‘em. They really are a scream the Addams Family. The weather started getting rough - the tiny ship was tossed. If not for the courage of the fearless crew the Minnow would be lost. the Minnow would be lost. If you have a problem if no one else can help and if you can find them maybe you can hire The A-Team." They call him Flipper Flipper faster than lightning. No one you see is smarter than he. Till the one day when the lady met this fellow and they knew it was much more than a hunch. black gold All of them had hair of gold like their mother the youngest one in curls. Their house is a museum where people come to see ‘em. They really are a scream the Addams Family." Doin' it our way. There's nothing we wont try. Never heard the word impossible. This time there's no stopping us. Now the world don't move to the beat of just one drum. What might be right for you may not be right for some. So join us here each week my friends you're sure to get a smile from seven stranded castaways here on Gilligans Isle. Here's the story of a lovely lady who was bringing up three very lovely girls. A man is born he's a man of means. Then along come two they got nothin' but their jeans. You wanna be where you can see our troubles are all the same. You wanna be where everybody knows Your name. Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale a tale of a fateful trip that started from this tropic port aboard this tiny ship?Their house is a museum where people come to see ‘em. They really are a scream the Addams Family. The weather started getting rough - the tiny ship was tossed. If not for the courage of the fearless crew the Minnow would be lost. the Minnow would be lost. If you have a problem if no one else can help and if you can find them maybe you can hire The A-Team." They call him Flipper Flipper faster than lightning. No one you see is smarter than he. Till the one day when the lady met this fellow and they knew it was much more than a hunch. black gold All of them had hair of gold like their mother the youngest one in curls. Their house is a museum where people come to see ‘em. They really are a scream the Addams Family." Doin' it our way. There's nothing we wont try. Never heard the word impossible. This time there's no stopping us. Now the world don't move to the beat of just one drum. What might be right foTheir house is a museum where people come to see ‘em. They really are a scream the Addams Family. The weather started getting rough - the tiny ship was tossed. If not for the courage of the fearless crew the Minnow would be lost. the Minnow would be lost. If you have a problem if no one else can help and if you can find them maybe you can hire The A-Team." They call him Flipper Flipper faster than lightning. No one you see is smarter than he. Till the one day when the lady met this fellow and they knew it was much more than a hunch. black gold All of them had hair of gold like their mother the youngest one in curls. Their house is a museum where people come to see ‘em. They really are a scream the Addams Family." Doin' it our way. There's nothing we wont try. Never heard the word impossible. This time there's no stopping us. Now the world don't move to the beat of just one drum. What might be right for you may not be right for some. So join us here each week my friends you're sure to get a smile from seven stranded castaways here on Gilligans Isle. Here's the story of a lovely lady who was bringing up three very lovely girls. A man is born he's a man of means. Then along come two they got nothin' but their jeans. You wanna be where you can see our troubles are all the same. You wanna be where everybody knows Your name. Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale a tale of a fateful trip that started from this tropic port aboard this tiny ship?r you may not be right for some. So join us here each week my friends you're sure to get a smile from seven stranded castaways here on Gilligans Isle. Here's the story of a lovely lady who was bringing up three very lovely girls. A man is born he's a man of means. Then along come two they got nothin' but their jeans. You wanna be where you can see our troubles are all the same. You wanna be where everybody knows Your name. Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale a tale of a fateful trip that started from this tropic port aboard this tiny ship?Their house is a museum where people come to see ‘em. They really are a scream the Addams Family. The weather started getting rough - the tiny ship was tossed. If not for the courage of the fearless crew the Minnow would be lost. the Minnow would be lost. If you have a problem if no one else can help and if you can find them maybe you can hire The A-Team." They call him Flipper Flipper faster than lightning. No one you see is smarter than he. Till the one day when the lady met this fellow and they knew it was much more than a hunch. black gold All of them had hair of gold like their mother the youngest one in curls. Their house is a museum where people come to see ‘em. They really are a scream the Addams Family." Doin' it our way. There's nothing we wont try. Never heard the word impossible. This time there's no stopping us. Now the world don't move to the beat of just one drum. What might be right for you may not be right for some. So join us here each week my friends you're sure to get a smile from seven stranded castaways here on Gilligans Isle. Here's the story of a lovely lady who was bringing up three very lovely girls. A man is born he's a man of means. Then along come two they got nothin' but their jeans. You wanna be where you can see our troubles are all the same. You wanna be where everybody knows Your name. Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale a tale of a fateful trip that started from this tropic port aboard this tiny ship?